DOC-3317 cd rn 79700 (#2256)
harness/developer-hub: docs/first-gen/firstgen-release-notes/harness-saa-s-release-notes.md

If you don't see a new feature or enhancement in your Harness account, it might be behind a Feature Flag. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

> ### June 27, 2023, version 79700

Author: ```suggestion
### June 28, 2023, version 79700
```

#### What's new

This release does not include new features.

#### Early access

This release does not include early access features.

#### Fixed issues

- The delegate connectivity capability check for Azure Web App deployments failed. (CDS-71432, ZD-44862)
  

>   This issue is fixed by assigning Azure App Services task type deployment to specific delegate by using Task Category Mapping.

Author: ```suggestion
  This issue is fixed by using task category mapping to assign the Azure App Services task type deployments to specific delegates.
```
